Meditation means contemplating in a way 
that solves problems at the same time. Look 
at yourself a lot. Keep track of the mind, 
your sensitivity, your 
thought-fabrications. Actually, all your 
thoughts are an affair of fabrication.

To put it in simple terms, don’t run along 
with them. Don’t follow in line with them. 
They’re just an affair of mental 
fabrication. Fabrications fabricate things, 
now wanting this, now wanting that. Try to 
fix your attention on keeping track of 
their stages as they’re happening. Whatever 
they’re about, they’re all not for sure, 
each and every one. When you see this 
clearly, that will end your doubts. 
Whatever thoughts arise, know that they’re 
not for sure. Don’t go attaching meaning to 
them, and they’ll end on their own. When 
they don’t end, make them end, and that’s 
the end of the matter. They’re just an 
affair of fabrication. If we don’t 
understand, we’ll think that they’re an 
affair of discernment. Actually, our 
thoughts and ideas are all an affair of 
fabrication. They’re not genuine knowing. 
But we think that they’re knowledge. 
They’re knowledge that doesn’t let go. If 
knowledge is genuine, it lets go.”
